which checks to do.

states.

0. current state. isis/bgp srmpls is partially configured.
    changes to move to the next phase: on each router (one by one) configure srmpls control plane (isis and bgp) according to template.
    before/after each change for each device pre/post checks are done:
        before. make sure that srgb block is configured and accepted. no conflicts are reported.
            what to checks.
                srgb/srlb configuration
                    show run segment-routing
                srgb is taken
                    show mpls label table application isis detail | utility egrep "16000"

        after. make sure that srmpls is configured per template (config and states are correct)
            what to check.
                show run router isis
                show run router bgp
                ... state commands

    there also need for a script which will help to evaluate progress and eventually confirm that state #0 is finished
    and srmpls is configured on all there supported routers (srmpls is not yet preferred there) (but there will be also ldp only routers)
        idea is to check each device to identify how many srmpls sids it has in isis.
        this check to do on srmpls-enabled routers and legacy(ldp-only) routers
            what to check on srmpls-enabled routers (srmpls is not preferred)
                show isis route sr-only detail 
            
           
            

1. srmpls is configured on all supported routers. ldp is still prefered control plane. there are some ldp-only routers.
    changes to move to the next phase: on each router (one by one) making srmpls control plane as preffered and switching to srmpls dataplane
    before/after of the each change for each device pre/post checks to do:
        before. A.make sure that ldp dataplane is preferred
                B.mpls trace uses mpls labe
        after. A. make sure that srmpls dataplane is preffered
               B. make sure that srmpls 



Note. For each change pre/post checks are done to make sure that following is the same after the change:
    1.bgp sessions, 
    2.learned bgp prefixes (for each address family)
    3.l2vpn pseudowires
    4. ...


    
